You can simply Google for Stripe and you should find their page.
And they have a really great documentation, by the way, in case you want to use it.
So definitely dive into developer documentation, but we can simply click create account here and then
create an account real quick.
Now once you got your account created, you can already get started.
First of all, you need to validate your account.
So make sure you click on that verify email link.
You get in an extra email.
And once you did that, you are ready to get started.
Now, important.
Under developers, you'll find a bunch of API keys which you will need to add Stripe.
And we are seeing special testing data here, which is fine for our development.
If you want to build a real application, you want to push it to production, you would switch to your
life data here for this you have to activate your account though will not do that here.
We'll work with the test data to get started and with that we can go back to home and there click on
Grow Your Online Business with payments and read the docs.
Now this takes us to the Stripe documentation.
It turns out that you have various different ways of implementing payments with Stripe, and of course
you can check out their entire documentation to learn all about the different ways of collecting payments.
Now here we can go to web under, build your own and click on Integrate Stripe.
JS This simply allows us to implement a JavaScript library on the front end.
So in our views, to make that whole payment process very, very smooth and straightforward.
So what we'll do is we'll pick this script here and go back to our code and they're in the checkout.
Edge's file.
Let's go to that diff where we output our sum and let's actually add a new diff below it, which also
has that centered class.
And in this new diff.
We can paste in that script, but not just this script.
Let's also add a button here with an ID of order dash BTN and a class of button for the styling where
we can say Order just like this.
Now let's add another script tag here where we now will write some inline script and that's all front
end JavaScript.
So not running with Node.js on our server, but instead executing in the browser of our users.
Now here we can, first of all, call Stripe with a capital S like this and insert your local testing
key.
Now you'll find it here in the documentation already.
Prefilled.
This is the key.
You can also see in the developer part of your home screen.
So put in other words, here under developers API keys.
This.
Is the key I'm talking about.
This is the same key you see here.
So you can grab that key and enter this as a string.
As an argument here for this strip function call.
This strip function is available because we're running this scripture, we're importing this script,
and thereafter let's get access to our order button by using document, get element by ID, that's DOM
API, which we can use in JavaScript, which runs in the browser to get access to an element on the
page.
And here I will get access to that button by its ID by simply passing the ID here.
So now we simply have access to the button where I now want to listen for a click.
So on the order button we can add an event listener, a click event listener, and then pass a function
which should execute when that button gets clicked.
Now here, we'll not send the user to our own back and to our own roots, which we registered instead.
Here we'll let Stripe do some magic.
We'll use that stripe.
Object which we created up there and call redirect to checkout written like this.
Now redirect to checkout takes a JavaScript object where we can configure this.
What this will do in the end is it will redirect the user to some of stripe's pages where the user then
enters credit card data and so on.
And once all of this is done and the payment is confirmed there, the user is redirected back to us.
Now here we have to provide a session ID and that's the interesting thing.
That should be a string, but at the moment we have no such session ID.
So what do we do there?
Well, how do we get that session ID?
Well, for that we have to go to the controller where we in the end render check out Aegis.
And that, of course, is here in shop charges, the get checkout controller here, here in get checkout.
We now have to adjust our code a little bit because besides rendering this checkout page, we have to
prepare such a stripe session in the end now to prepare that.
We have to install a new package, so I'll quit my development server and go ahead and install it by
running NPM.
Install Dash Dash Save Stripe.
Stripe is the package name which we need to install.
This is now a package which we can use on our server side code.
So in Node.js.
So let's wait for this to finish.
And then restart my server.
And now here at the top, we can import stripe by requiring stripe like this.
But then this actually gives us a function which we need to execute to which we now need to pass our
private stripe key.
That's the key you have to reveal here.
And by the way, of course, I'll change those keys after this recording session so you can't use mine.
Copy that key here.
And Enter is here.
Now always keep this key private, so only use it in your Node.js code.
Never expose it in one of your views because there your users could see it.
And this is a key you should always keep private.
Now with Stripe imported like this, let's go back to get checkout.
So to the controller where we prepare the checkout page and in there of course we want to gather all
the product data.
That's all fine.
However, I will adjust as a bit and create a variable products here right at the beginning of the function.
Also a total which is zero initially and change this here to not create a new constant or a new variable
here, but instead use these variables here which now simply are available everywhere in this function
in any nested function as well, whereas before this only was available inside of this function and
that will just not be enough once we made the changes we're about to make, leave that code as it is
otherwise.
But instead of rendering immediately here, we now need to do something different.
Here, we need to do something else here in this promise and this then block.
We should return stripe checkout.
Dot sessions create.
Remember, we needed such a session key in our template.
Now here we're going to create such a session which ultimately gives us such a key to create.
You pass an object where you configure that session.
Now one thing we can already do is we can grab render here, cut that and add a new then block thereafter,
which is why I had to outsource some data into global or into function wide variables.
And in this then block you will get the stripe session eventually.
We're not done configuring it, but you will get it there.
And then here you can then render the checkout page and all the paths, let's say a session ID key to
the template which holds session ID.
So this session you're getting here, it will have ID field, which is that stripe session.
Now we'll use that in a view in a second.
Before we do so let's configure that session because there are some things which we do need to configure.
For one, we need to add a payment underscore method, underscore types key here that holds an array.
And there we want to add card as a type, which means we accept credit card payments.
Next, let's add a line, underscore items key.
And there we need to specify which items will be checked out.
So here I want to use my products, which I basically created here and map this a little bit because
each product needs to look a bit different.
So every product will be transformed with help of the built in map method.
JavaScript offers on arrays and there the new object I return for every product in the product's array,
which will therefore be part of the newly returned products array.
We past line items will have a name which is p dot product.
ID dot title.
Description, which is product ID description.
In case you're wondering why we can access title and description on product ID, keep in mind that we
populated that product ID field.
So it's not just the product ID, it's the complete product data, which is why we can access the title
ID description.
For example, the amount is PPI, product ID price times 100 because we need to specify this in sense.
The currency is used for a US dollar and the quantity is not quantity.
That is data which stripe needs in the end.
And that's the format Stripe needs.
It needs an array of objects which have currency, quantity and amount and then all the here our extra
name and description fields and this needs to be named name, for example.
So with this reformatted data, we also give Stripe the data it needs to process the payment, but we're
still not done.
There is more we need to configure on this session.
Specifically, we need to add a success, underscore URL and a cancel underscore URL.
These are your URLs.
Stripe will redirect the user to you once the transaction was completed or failed.
Here.
I want to dynamically derive the URL and domain of the server this node script is running on so that
it is valid both here in development where we are on localhost as well as later once we deploy this
on the page with any IP or domain.
So here I will use request protocol which is a property again I can get from this request object express
gives us.
That is simply HTTP or https.
Plus colon, forward slash, forward slash.
So this will build us something like http colon.
Forward slash.
Forward slash plus request.
Get host.
This will give us our host address.
So, for example, local host 3000 during development or later once we deployed it, the IP address
or domain of the host we deployed it onto.
So now this will give us that start of the redirection URL.
Thereafter, I want to go to slash checkout slash success here.
And now I will copy that and add it here as well and redirect to slash cancel.
So these are in the end routes which Stripe will redirect us to once we ever confirmed the payment or
cancelled it.
With Dad.
We're creating such a session, we're forwarding the session ID to The View.
So back in checkout edges, we now need to output the session ID here.
Now we do so with edges.
We can also inject something into JavaScript code, which is pretty neat.
We can inject our session ID here with the familiar EJ's syntax just inside of JavaScript code.
In this case, inside of a string of our JavaScript code.
With that we can be redirected to strip hopefully and then back.
But the pages were redirected to.
Once the transactions succeeded or failed, check out success or check out cancel.
Well, these routes might not exist yet.
Indeed, if we check our routes.
File here to shop.
File.
We have no.
Check out success and check out cancel roots there.
So let's add them maybe here below check out we need to add to get roots slash check out slash success.
And then another one slash checkout, slash, cancel.
Now, when we cancel, I will in the end execute the get checkout controller again.
I simply want to redirect the user back to the checkout page.
If we cancel, if we succeed.
I need a new controller though.
And there I want to do the same thing I did before in post order so we can simply redirect the user
here to post order.
Now we already use post order here on slash create order.
That is a route we don't need anymore though because we will now replace that thanks to our new checkout
flow.
So we only need checkout success and checkout cancel.
And for checkout success we go to post order.
We're actually here.
I will create a new controller, get checkout success.
But you could have used post order as well.
Now let's go to shop Jews and their let's copy post order and simply create a new controller function
named get check out success though as I said, you could have also just kept post order.
I'm just doing it here to also have to get word at the beginning because in the end a get request will
reach this controller here.
Now in this function, you can leave everything as it is.
We're gathering all the products from the cart and then we're creating an order, storing that in the
database, and then we redirect the user to orders.
If we now save that, let's give it a try.
Let's go back to our page here and there to the cart where I have two items in there.
Click on order now.
And I got an error.
Now the reason for that error is actually related to Stripe.
You could debug it by going to app trace and logging the error we're handling here.
I and yet need to add a name here.
Max.
To be able to use this.
So after naming this here, if I reload.
This looks better.
Now, here I have the order button and if I click that, you should be redirected to Stripes page.
Now here you can enter any email address and then some dummy card data.
Like for two.
For two, for two.
A lot of four choose some date which is in the future here and then any CVC code of your choice and
simply any name on the card.
Click Pay and this now processes this should succeed and redirects you to the orders page in yen because
it goes to the checkout success page where it is this created.
And indeed you should see that your cart is empty now.
Now that all works.
But this approach has a flaw currently.
In the end, we confirm that an order was successful by simply running the logic and get checkout success.
Now we can always trigger that if we just manually route to this page.
If I add a product to the card again.
And now I don't order it, but I simply go to slash check out slash success here.
Does all this succeeds?
My card is empty and I place the order without paying for it.
You can always see your orders here in Stripe, though, if you go there.
You will see your post orders.
And there, of course, you only see one order.
And that's the order we processed through Stripe.
So the order I hacked here with manually entering the URL, of course does not show up here.
Only the orders that really went through stripe's form can be seen here.
And of course, you can look into the payments you received here and for example, see the date, the
email address, the amount paid, the payment method, the name of the user and so on.
Now the advantage is with that, you can actually compare that to the orders you see in your database
and check if there are any fraudulent orders in there.
So you should always do that when using this approach.
But of course, for a large scale shop, manually comparing orders is not really an ideal solution.
And indeed this is a weakness that is also listed here in the docs of Stripe.
If you go to Stripe checkout one time payments, you basically learn about the approach we just set
up.
And there you see that you should not rely on the success URL alone.
Instead, you have to fulfill a payment, which means make sure that stripe tells you when a payment
happened instead of a URL telling you.
Now actually here you see that you can manually use the dashboard to check if an order really was placed.
So that would be our solution here.
As your application grows, web hooks here would actually be the preferred solution.
The idea here is that you can configure Stripe such that it sends a request to a URL of your choice,
which you would have to manage here in your application with routing.
And that then tells you that the order succeeded because Stripe sends you that request behind the scenes.
It does not send the request to a URL of your page anyone can enter.
Instead, it will be a request validated by Stripe.
That's not as easy to fake.
Setting up web hooks is a bit more complex though, but the documentation here is really great if you
want to do it.
The biggest problem we have at the moment is we couldn't really test web hooks here because for web
hooks to work, Stripe needs to be able to send the request behind the scenes to your Web page.
And therefore, your web page needs to be exposed to the real Internet.
And that's not the case for us here during development.
It's only running on our local machine, which is why redirecting the user works but sending such a
behind the scenes request would not work.
Hence, if you need that automated process, the stripe docs are the way to go for the moment, using
the dashboard to validate orders and to make sure that you're really only shipping goods to users who
placed a valid order is the way to go and that is how you can implement payment with Stripe.
As I mentioned, there is way more you can do with Stripe and of course the official docs are the place
to go.
If you really want to build an online shop and use all the cool features Stripe offers.
But this lecture hopefully got you started with Stripe.